#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   outcome
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
azure-core==1.32.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-mgmt-core
azure-identity==1.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-authorization==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-compute==33.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-core==1.5.0
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
azure-mgmt-network==28.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-resource==23.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-storage==21.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
bcrypt==4.2.1
    # via paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via seleniumbase
behave==1.2.6
    # via seleniumbase
boto3==1.35.78
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.35.78
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via seleniumbase
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   seleniumbase
click==8.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
colorama==0.4.6
    # via seleniumbase
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyspnego
    #   requests-ntlm
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via seleniumbase
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
docker==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via seleniumbase
execnet==2.1.1
    # via
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   seleniumbase
fasteners==0.19
    # via seleniumbase
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seleniumbase
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.1
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-compute
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-iam
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.160.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-compute
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-iam
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.6.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.3.1
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-compute==1.26.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-iam==2.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-logging==3.11.4
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-pubsub==2.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.66.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-iam
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
grpcio==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   wsproto
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via opentelemetry-api
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   seleniumbase
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via pytest-html
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   rich
    #   seleniumbase
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   seleniumbase
msal==1.31.1
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via azure-identity
mycdp==1.1.0
    # via seleniumbase
opentelemetry-api==1.31.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-sdk==1.31.0
    # via google-cloud-pubsub
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.52b0
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   seleniumbase
    #   webdriver-manager
parameterized==0.9.0
    # via seleniumbase
paramiko==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
parse==1.20.2
    # via
    #   behave
    #   parse-type
    #   seleniumbase
parse-type==0.6.4
    # via
    #   behave
    #   seleniumbase
pdbp==1.6.1
    # via seleniumbase
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via seleniumbase
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   seleniumbase
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via msal-extensions
proto-plus==1.26.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-compute
    #   google-cloud-iam
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-compute
    #   google-cloud-iam
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   pdbp
    #   rich
    #   seleniumbase
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pynose==1.5.3
    # via seleniumbase
pyotp==2.9.0
    # via seleniumbase
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via httplib2
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pyspnego==0.11.2
    # via requests-ntlm
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-order
    #   pytest-ordering
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   seleniumbase
pytest-html==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seleniumbase
pytest-metadata==3.1.1
    # via
    #   pytest-html
    #   seleniumbase
pytest-order==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-ordering==0.6
    # via seleniumbase
pytest-rerunfailures==15.0
    # via seleniumbase
pytest-xdist==3.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seleniumbase
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via botocore
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via webdriver-manager
python-xlib==0.33
    # via seleniumbase
pywinrm==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seleniumbase
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   msal
    #   pywinrm
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   seleniumbase
    #   webdriver-manager
requests-ntlm==1.3.0
    # via pywinrm
rich==13.9.4
    # via seleniumbase
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via boto3
sbvirtualdisplay==1.4.0
    # via seleniumbase
selenium==4.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seleniumbase
seleniumbase==4.33.4
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   behave
    #   parse-type
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-xlib
    #   seleniumbase
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   seleniumbase
tabcompleter==1.4.0
    # via
    #   pdbp
    #   seleniumbase
tftest==1.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
trio==0.27.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3[socks]==2.2.3
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
webdriver-manager==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
websockets==14.1
    # via seleniumbase
wheel==0.45.1
    # via seleniumbase
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio-websocket
xmltodict==0.14.2
    # via pywinrm
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
